Past Bill Information
The balance on your last bill was........................     $31,933.39

Thank you for your payment of..........................       -31,933.39

Account Number: 416957143135

Energy to do more®

Amount due as of 02/02/2023...........................        0.00

# Billing Summary for Service to:

55 Elm Road, Westbrook, ME 04092

Rate Classification (N): Commercial Heating Service

Billing Period: 12/30/2022 to 01/30/2023 (32 days)

Actual Read

Questions? Call (800) 276-2722 or write to UGI at PO Box 13009 Reading, PA 19612-3009

# Current Bill Information

| Customer Charge                           | .........................................      | 27.38      |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| Commodity Charge (1384.5 MCF at $8.95350) | ...........                                    | 12,396.12  |
| Distribution Charges                      | .....................................          | 5,332.82   |
| Weather Normalization Adjustment          | .....................                          | 1,792.06   |
| Natural Gas System Improvement Charge     | ...............                                | 92.68      |
| PA Sales Tax                              | ........................................       | 1,178.46   |
| Current Charges                           | ..........................................     | 20,819.52  |
| Utility charges owed this bill            | .............................................. | $20,819.52 |
| Total Amount Due By 02/21/2023            | .........................................      | $20,819.52 |

*Your current UGI charges include State taxes totaling about $1,425.94.

# Meter Information - Next Read Date March 03, 2023

| Meter Number | Previous Reading | Present Reading | CCF Used | MCF Used |
| ------------ | ---------------- | --------------- | -------- | -------- |
| 1087677      | 85058            | 98903           | 13845    | 1384.5   |

# Shopping Information Box

When shopping for natural gas with a Natural Gas Supplier, please provide the following data below.

If you are already shopping, know your contract expiration date.

Account Number: 416957143135

Rate Schedule: N_H

# Important message(s) from UGI

Your current UGI natural gas price to compare is $8.95350/MCF.

Effective JAN 01, 2023, the Natural Gas System Improvement Charge increased from 0.14% to 1.27%.

Your distribution charges have been adjusted to reduce the impact of warmer than normal weather.

Your natural gas total annual usage is 7,335 MCF. Your natural gas average monthly usage is 611 MCF.

We can make your energy costs easier on your budget with our 12 month Budget Billing plan. Your monthly payment would be approximately $7,908.00. For more information about this plan call UGI.

If you pay at a payment agent please take your entire bill. Make check payable to UGI.

Keep this part for your records. Important information is on the back of this bill.

# Payment Information

UGI Utilities, Inc.

Account Number: 416957143135

Please pay by the due date to avoid the late charge.

Please return this portion with your payment.

Due Date: February 21, 2023

Amount Due: $20,819.52

With Late Charge: $21,860.50


UGI
# Invoice Number: 500001402901

# GENERAL INFORMATION

Bill Questions?

If you have a question about the bill, please call UGI before the bill's due date. UGI's phone number, your due date and billing rate can be found on the front of the bill. A detailed rate schedule can be requested. You may also contact UGI at our web site, www.ugi.com

Hearing or speech impaired customers. TDD only, call 1-800-654-5988. To discuss an overdue account, call 1-800-276-2722, weekdays 8AM to 5PM.

# Bill Payments

Paying your bill by mail is convenient. Simply use the envelope provided with your bill. You may also pay at one of your payment centers. A list of the payment centers is available upon request. UGI offers a plan where your bank deducts your payment automatically from your checking or savings account. Please call us if you are interested in this service. To pay by phone, please call 800-276-2722.

# Need Your Natural Gas Service Turned Off?

To ensure that your Natural Gas service is turned off on the day that you want, please contact UGI seven days in advance. Third Party Notification - Budget Billing Plan — Operation Share — Customer Assistance Program (CAP) Call us to discuss these UGI Programs.

# EXPLANATION OF TERMS

Bill Proration — If there are rate changes during a billing cycle, the customer's bill will include prorated charges based on the timing of the rate changes within the billing period.

CCF — 100 cubic feet of gas. MCF — 1,000 cubic feet of gas. This is a measure of gas usage.

Commodity Charges or Purchased Gas Adjustment — The amount billed each month for gas supply service sold by volume (CCF or MCF).

Customer Charge — A monthly charge to cover natural gas distribution company (NGDC) costs such as maintaining the gas lines, meter reading and billing.

Distribution Charges — The charges for delivery of natural gas from the point of receipt into the NGDC's system.

Estimated Bill — A bill based on your previous use and weather conditions. UGI may need to estimate your bill due to extreme weather conditions, emergencies, or any other circumstances that prevent UGI from taking a meter reading.

Heat Value Correction — A correction factor applied to metered usage to adjust for gas heating values that locally differ from system average heating values. Not applicable to Maryland customers.

Late Payment Charge — Fee that UGI charges if you do not pay your bill on time. It is a fixed monthly percentage of the amount owed.

Maryland Franchise Tax — A tax surcharge for the recovery of the Maryland Franchise Tax. Not applicable to Pennsylvania customers.

Price to Compare — The dollar amount charged by the NGDC, used by consumers to compare prices and potential savings with other natural gas suppliers. Not applicable to Maryland customers.

State Tax Surcharge — A charge approved by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. It is a special charge to recover state taxes UGI pays. Not applicable to Maryland customers.

System Improvement Charge — A charge used to recover costs for repairing, improving or replacing distribution facilities in order to provide safe, reliable and efficient service. Not applicable to Maryland customers.

Weather Normalization Adjustment (WNA) — Is a method of billing distribution charges based on "normal" weather approved by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Not applicable to Maryland customers.

# EMERGENCIES:

to report a Gas Leak, call 1-800-276-2722, 24 hours a day